Documentation for OSS rules of play rating (#612)
SAP/fosstars-rating-core: docs/oss_rules_of_play_rating.md

> # Rules of play ratings for open source projects

Reviewer: Also is there some introduction on what `Rule of Play` is?

Author: Explanation now comes straight after the header as you proposed it.

> This section describes a rules of play rating for open source projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes a rules of play rating for OSS projects.
```
Please maintain constant acronyms.

The rating is implemented in the [OssRulesOfPlayRating](https://github.com/SAP/fosstars-rating-core/blob/master/src/main/java/com/sap/oss/phosphor/fosstars/model/rating/oss/OssRulesOfPlayRating.java) class.

The rating assesses how well projects care about open source best practices and community health aspects. 

> The rating may be used to estimate how well-administered an open source project is and how it adheres to recommendations how an open source project should be set up.

Reviewer: These 2 points should come in the beginning of this section I think.

Author: Done, thanks!

[By definition](ratings.md), the rules of play rating produces a score, a label and a confidence score - the same way as the security score.
Here is a list of labels:

1.  `PASSED`: the project implements good measures and in general cares about open source rules of play.

> 1.  `PASSED_WITH_WARNING`: the compliance to open source rules of play in the project fulfills the minimum expectations, but shows some issues that should be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  `PASSED_WITH_WARNING`: the project fulfills the minimum expectations of the rules of play compliance, but shows some issues that should be resolved.
```

> 1.  `FAILED`: looks like the project doesn't care well about open source rules of play.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  `FAILED`: the project doesn't fulfill the minimum expectation of the rules of play compliance.
```

> 1.  `UNCLEAR`: there is no enough data to reliably calculate a score and a label for the project.

Reviewer: Before we provide this information on what the rules of play rating should be viewed as, can we provide the list of Rules?

Reviewer: `UNCLEAR`: Not enough information to reliably calculate a score and a label for the project.
